Emphasize that the images are not Supported (#10)
ansible-community/images: README.md

# Ansible Community Images

Container image definitions meant for [ansible-test](https://www.ansible.com/blog/introduction-to-ansible-test) and [Execution Environments](https://www.ansible.com/blog/whats-new-in-ansible-automation-platform-2-automation-execution-environments).

⚠️ **Please note that this repository is very much a proof of concept and a work in progress at this time.** ⚠️

## Important ⚠️

Images provided by this repository are tailored for development, testing and CI purposes.

> **They are maintained by the community and are not supported by RedHat**: they can and will break or run out of maintenance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**They are maintained by the community and are not supported by Red Hat**: they can and will break or run out of maintenance.
```
